=head1 NAME

Postcop - Defends against Postfix unauthorized mass mailers.

=head1 VERSION

This documentation refers to Postcop version 0.1.0

=head1 SYNOPSIS

postcop
postcop /etc/postcop/postcopd.conf  # Default config
postcop /path/to/alt/config/file

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Postcop is an application that monitors Postfix logs and blocks unauthorized mass mailers in a Postfix fashion via postmap and postsuper.

=head1 CONFIGURATION

Postcop's default config file is /etc/postcop/postcopd.conf and is in standard INI format.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Linux::Inotify2, DBM::Deep, Config::Std, Sys::Syslog, Email::Sender::Simple, List::MoreUtils

=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES

Postcop only runs on Linux due to the use of the inotify filesystem event notification system.  The inotify API is Linux-specific.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

There are no known bugs in this app.
Please report problems to Shawn Sustaita <shawn.sustaita@gmail.com>
Patches are welcome.

=head1 AUTHOR

Shawn Sustaita <shawn.sustaita@gmail.com>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2014 Shawn Sustaita <shawn.sustaita@gmail.com>.
All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
